---
title: MATE ROV REPORT
authors: MOHD AYAN
email-id: aykhan329@gmail.com
---

## OBJECTIVE

To enhance the practical skills and good handset related to electrical and electronics engineering and get updated knowledge of various software and components with their respective characteristics.

## INTRODUCTION

I feel proud to be a part as technical member in 1st year itself of such an organization AUV-ZHCET for MATE ROV competition. I appointed as a PCB design engineer in this team on the behalf of my previous knowledge on LTSpice, EveryCircuit, EAGLE PCB (Basics) software and various sensors(LDR, IR(reflective type), PIR, TMP36) with respect to these I also know how to solder wires perfectly.
In the club I have enhanced my skills on EAGLE PCB by doing a workshop organized by the ROBO Club ZHCET, also on Arduino learned by YouTube videos and searching on internet. I learned Arduino (Basics) in just a week and after that started working on “Running of BLDC motor using an ESC with Arduino” in this work I learned a lot of amazing things like calibrating the ESC on the CRO, etc.

## Equipments/Software Used

1. EAGLE 9.5.2 (Software)
2. Proteus 8 (Software)
3. BLDC motor
4. Multimeter
5. Arduino (Software & Hardware)
6. CRO
7. LiPo batteries
8. Thrusters
9. Connecting Wires

## PROCEDURE

1. Firstly, I learned basic Arduino and then start working on testing the BLDC motor with ESCs and get to know about various components and their functions and way of operations(BLDC working principle, Arduino board pins and their configurations).
2. Then, I started my work on designing the PCB on Eagle which includes various Electronic sensors and apart from this also search for the types of fuses we can use for the safety measures and how to minimize the circuitary with desired output of the ROV.
3. After that I finally get Blade type fuses which are cheap and can be installed easily. In this time, I search for various options and research papers for making the ROV cheap with the desired outputs.
4. I get to know about how to control the function of ROV using PS4 controller with arduino.
5. Thereafter, I get the final way to enhance my handset on Eagle in the workshop and get my problems off by getting the components library which helps me a lot after that I work on stimulation of the ROV with RaspberryPi as a microcontroller and tried to stimulate but I haven’t any knowledge of RaspberryPi coding due to which I can’t stimulate it at that time.

## RESULTS

I have completed my designing and stimulating portion with too much challenges and obstacles although I did the designing but the stimulation process is completed with Arduino as a microcontroller not with RaspberryPi.

## FUTURE WORK

I will try my best out in learning the coding of RaspberryPi and do the stimulation. If I will be in the next role with AUV club I will be obliged to implement my work for better efficiency, stability, cheapness. As I have research a lot on replacing the Blue Robotics Thrusters with Beige Pumps and using a combine model of Arduino and RaspberryPi. I am also trying to make a better Beige Pump motor driver with PS4 and Joysticks and implementing IMU and some other models for better stability.
