---
title:  Report for the tasks completed during the lockdown period at AUV club, ZHCET
author: Aditi Jaiswal
email-id: aditijaiswal14600@gmail.com
---

## Objective

To maximize reach on social media platforms and using the lockdown period to promote our page.

## Introduction

During the interval of lockdown, I learned about how as a member of management team, our reach has to be increased based on understanding our audience on different social media platforms.

- WEVOLVER REPORT
This report was a guide to understand the current state of the art in hardware and software for self-driving vehicles

- AWARENESS AGAINST COVID-19:
We also posted about important messages like washing hands, social distancing from time to time to spread awareness about this pandemic

- QUIZ MARATHON
[Instagram Post](https://www.instagram.com/s/aGlnaGxpZ2h0OjE3ODQ5ODYzOTE5MTgxMTYw?igshid=nq8c1wmyqcrw&story_media_id=2347169580243280146_6192430916)
We conducted a quiz marathon that occurred for a week on our Instagram to increase the engagement of our audience.

- CERTIFICATES
I designed certificates for MATE ROV and SAUVC teams and also filled their names and designations of each member. Here is an example:
[https://canva.me/ONLmVyvu07](https://canva.me/ONLmVyvu07)

- POSTER/PAMPHLET TO BE SHARED WITH ALUMNI
This pamphlet was designed to provide basic information of our club and why do we need support from our alumni. This also focussed on mission, vision and patents of the club.
[https://canva.me/DhLiONuBY7](https://canva.me/DhLiONuBY7)

## ONLINE COURSES

- 'THE ARDUINO PLATFORM AND C PROGRAMMING', an online course authorised by the UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, IRVINE offered through Coursera.
- ‘Introduction to IoT 0520’ by Cisco through netacad.com
- “THE SCIENCE OF WELL BEING” an online course offered by YALE University through Coursera.

## APPS AND SOFTWARES USED

| S. No.:| Software and Apps | Version      |
|:------:|:-----------------:|:------------:|
| 1      | Canva             |  2.59.0      |
| 2      | Arduino IDE       |  1.8.13      |
| 3      | Instagram         |149.0.0.25.120|
| 4      | Twitter           | 8.42.0       |

## PROCEDURE

### WEVOLVER REPORT

I started reading this report in the beginning of the lockdown and on suggestions from seniors we started posting its content on all our social media platforms.

- This report made us understand better how autonomous vehicles worked and we tried sharing the same.
- With each post that was posted by us we made sure to tag the wevolver.com pages both on instagram and twitter.
- This eventually made @wevolverapp follow us both on Instagram and twitter ( they have 420k followers on Instagram and 13.8k followers on twitter)

### AWARENESS OF PANDEMIC: COVID-19

It was important for us to spread a word about COVID19 so we used our platform and raised awareness by 2 types of posts

- In the first kind we focussed on how important washing hands with soap was a basic necessity in this period but also presented facts that how leaving the tap on for 20 secs could waste water. We also presented the idea of taps with sensors that could make us use our water resources more efficiently.
- I also came up with the idea of sending important messages to our audience by involving other club members too. This is an example of how we did it:  [https://www.instagram.com/p/CBdsc-Ggp9-/?igshid=bzkkzibatjjo](https://www.instagram.com/p/CBdsc-Ggp9-/?igshid=bzkkzibatjjo)

### QUIZ MARATHON

The main idea behind conducting a quiz marathon related to questions from different teams ( Computer, Mechanical, Electrical/Electronics) was to

- Spread knowledge about the basic information that is necessary.
- Have an actively participating audience who answered these questions.

### EXPERIMENTING WITH NEW WORK

I have recently enrolled myself in 2 courses related to IoT and Arduino. I wish to learn more about in near future and use my knowledge with electrical/electronics team as soon as college reopens.

## RESULTS

1. We added blue colour (in some form) to all our pics that have been posted since march which adds theme to our Instagram page and makes our page look visually appealing as compared to before
2. Our posts spreading awareness about covid19 had more than 400 account reaches.
3. More than 50 people have been actively participating in our quiz marathon.
4. Wevolver.com started following on Instagram and twitter
5. Successfully designed pamphlet providing basic info of club.

## FUTURE WORK

1. To design a pamphlet explaining sponsorship benefits.
2. To maintain our Instagram page by posting regularly.
3. Working towards increasing our followers
4. Understanding in depth and gaining more information about Arduino.
